TODO:

Traker1001:
  Couple things that would be cool in the PVR Guide. Is if it read the date of the selection, even better if the reading was limited to day/month, Even cooler if it recognized the date of current selection and only read the date if it didn't = current date. And if it read the at least the Time and date even if extra info item wasn't selected.
  Another neat item, would be ability to enable/disable the automatic read extra info via keystroke. I find there are some areas where it is handy and others where it isn't.


IDEAS:

Traker1001:
  Then we take google translate, We allow for the creation of a cache mp3's for the common items, I.E. Typical nav  System, Addons, settings, Videos, so that those items don't need a request. Which is much of the menu system and only send the actual request to G.T. with variable menu items. This would be alot of work, however, with a tutorial and little help, maybe users would be willing to create there own cache packages and share them. This would skip alot of the need for network traffic.


HELIX ISSUES:

In Kodi RC3, when I go into the Info screen on a show or movie, It no longer reads the button selections. All it does is when I change a button selection, I.E. Play, Cast, refresh, etc... is reset the Extra info timer and read the title.

Also, When I go into list of shows/movies List, it displays on screen for example 1x01. Pilot 1:00:00 or Horrible Bosses 2 (2014) 1:48:00 on the screen, But the only information out of that that it reads is the title, I.E. Pilot or Horrible Bosses 2, While not necessary, it would be nice. Is there any way to get it to read the whole line?

I have noticed in Kodi Helix RC3 (Really any kodi release) under Live TV, that no matter what the view (EPG, Channel, Etc...) TTS won't read the channel selected. Reads show name selected, and extra item info kicks in and reads the description after brief delay, however won't read the channel.
It did read this in Gotham.

Would also be cool if it would read "Time to time" when moving around in the EPG, For example, Channel KCMO, Divorce court, 5pm to 5:30pm.